alright guys I have a 2001 Volkswagen
Jetta GLS um I don't know it just keep
every gear is fine I don't know if it's
low on transmission fluid I just don't
know but second gear it's I don't know
it's kind of jumpy on second gear and
I'm stuck in a red light right here I'll
show you every other gear it's fine
smooth it's the second gear um I'd say
the shop got a oil drainage plug leak
and fix dad and he said that I should
consider doing transmission flush and
all that but you know on a
Volkswagen everything cost an arm and a
leg but it just deal with me here trying
to get out red light yeah uh if you guys
can help me you guys know what it is
guys had the problem yourself I know
here we go watch
first gear is fine I don't know if you
can hear it but then second gear jumps
but I've heard that and then every other
gear is fine it's the second gear and it
jumps have no clue why I'm going to take
it in to get the transmission service
done but I don't know that it hopefully
got noted I don't know if you heard or
not but hey I'm gullible slow try to
lower my gears that was me sir
and it's low-earth
yeah when I'm on a highway I mean it's
fine it's just when I'm when I Drive
slow ish that's when things become
problem I don't know if I have a bad
second gear what you want to call it
gear plate whatever it's gone but you
guys know the problem is here I'm gonna
try - all right here we go
SKS fine
to hear that second gear always jump in
if you guys kind of guys know it is if
you leave me a comment message anything
you might think it is if you think the
transmission fluid be in low and I'll
gladly appreciate it guys thanks